hi you guys I hope you're having an
awesome camp so far good thumbs up
phenomenal I'm Molly and I'm excited to
give you a quick update on all of the
awesome progress that's happening in the
wider ipfs ecosystem so that's my goal
here as I think both quantum daveed
mentioned this is a giant open source
community with over 4,000 contributors
across the world with huge communities
in North America and Europe and a
growing community in Asia as well thank
you all for coming from around the world
to be here with us today in Barcelona
it's really really amazing and we
actually see over time the number of
contributors growing and this is
accelerating we've almost almost hit 400
monthly active contributors on github
which is still only a slice of where we
spend our time yeah that's also super
awesome and you see it's it's doubling
this is almost double what we saw a year
ago so super awesome
lots of new people who are coming to
participate with us in building the new
web which is phenomenal and these
contributors are building a huge
plethora of applications in a ton of
different categories so people are using
IP FS for data storage and versioning
for social media for marketplaces and so
many more I think this is already far
out-of-date if someone wants to make a
new version of this I would love to put
it up on a slide so ping it to me but
there's tons of stuff happening in this
ecosystem and it's so exciting to watch
and the crazy thing is that this is now
reaching millions of monthly active
users all of these projects and multiple
of these different projects are
supporting that scale of usage so that
means millions of people every single
month are depending on the work you do
to solve real problems in their lives
that's huge that's a scale of IV of s
that we just haven't seen before so I
think this is really your accomplishment
and you guys all deserve a round of
applause from us for the amazing work
you're doing
[Applause]
with this growth in monthly active usage
as you'd probably expect the ipfs
network is also growing precipitously
over 30 X in this quarter alone and
these many nodes are joining Network
from all over the world and doing
who-knows-what but delightful amazing
things so in addition to working to
support this huge huge growth we've also
been working on the core je s and go
implementations to try and make them
better one that I'll call out is base 32
encoded CITV ones by default which is
awesome and got picked up by CloudFlare
and pinata just you know a week and a
half ago to make sei DS and subdomains
work so that's phenomenal and this
progress is already paying off I think I
saw a thumbs up back there there's also
been really awesome progress on making
ipfs work really well for use cases with
large amounts of data in many small
files large directories etc we we have
named this the package managers group
and we've been doing a ton of research
in that area and there's been great
proof of concepts like NPM on ipfs and
apt on ipfs and a lot of others that are
actually collaborations with ecosystems
of package managers out there and
speaking of collabs IP us collaborations
with web browsers like opera and brave
are doing awesome and we're so excited
to welcome people from those communities
as well who are getting to work with and
get get that last yellow star green
hopefully very soon so as I mentioned in
the package managers space there's been
a ton of research and experimentation
which has an unearthed a number of
targeted performance improvements and
areas where we can make ipfs much faster
and much more usable to support these
sorts of use cases especially things
like mirroring large file system package
managers like apt APK maven Sipan and
others conveniently this also improves
ipfs for anyone who wants to move around
large files or directories of files
which is a common use case for ipfs and
we can add a lot of value to that space
so looking back at q1 we see a ton of
progress happening here both in core
releases of the protocol and in other
amazing things happening throughout the
ecosystem people are launching new
projects or adding new integrations
between projects creating new tools
releasing new versions it's super
exciting and we see this progress
accelerating as you see I just ran out
of space toward the bottom end of that
slide so much cool stuff is happening
right now I literally can't fit it on
here and we are also releasing more core
releases of the protocol and seeing a
lot of awesome people come into our
community and build really exciting
projects so we're super excited to spend
the next three days with all of you
learning about each other's projects and
also finding ways for us to collaborate
and it support each other